Grab a seat man.
That's my seat.
That's that's my seat.
Pretty good.
You're four years old?
I had to think about it a little bit
Titus, let me ask you a question.
Do you know that you have over 50 million
views on YouTube?
There's already over a hundred.
Okay, you have over It's all this is
wrong all this is wrong because it says
you have over 50 million viewers You have
cleaned it up.
You have over a hundred million.
I think Why is it three girls in those
spots cuz in this show we put hot chicks
on the front row But see we got your dad
see that's your dad over there, right?
I know I know but see that's the dad and
that's the dad seat over there because we
put him there I got some balls over here
and I want you and Okay, I didn't know
that I just saw the walls over here.
Which one you want to do?
Okay Let's go see a couple of tricks.
Let's go over here first
All right, let me see this first
Okay, well, let me put you up down here.
I'm gonna put you up there Hold on and
let me sit.
Let me get a couple of balls cuz we might
need a few shots at this
But you're gonna make it.
So what's your first one?
Yes, you're just gonna do it ladies and
gentlemen Titus the Magnificent Yes, you
can do it now
Okay, go ahead Just just help make one buddy.
So we so we can go down.
Yeah.
Oh Titus Titus don't worry about the smoke.
Let's just make this shot
So what we're gonna do now is Titus you
scare me with the smoke just Yeah, the
smoke is gone.
Okay.
You ready?
You are you you lined up where you need
is this thing moving?
Okay.
Here's my shot.
Okay There it is Alright Titus, let's go